Name of team members: Avery Sweet ,Leoder Joseph 

Interesting class relationships: 

	The two major relationship amongst the classes when completing Programming Assignment 1 consist of the relationship between 
the Scale class and the negate class. As the scale class consist of the components x,y and z within the vector being 
multiplied by a common factor of f. By multiplying by a common factor of f, we are able to distinguish/create a scale and
when creating the negate class, the scalle must become -1 in which we again would use the common factor of f but in the negative manner 
creating the negate function.
	The second primary relationship I was able to distinguish when completing the assignment was tthe equalTo class and the Magnitude class. 
When we think of the concept of magnitude, we often think of the size or level of the objects,in which I thought was the most appropriate way to
distiguish the EqualTo class.

Design Approach:

	As for the design approach for Programming 1 Assignment, I first wanted to establish a constructor representing the x,y,and z vectors as well as 
a copy of that constructor which is represented by Vector3D v constructor. The v constructor was establish for the add, subtract, Dot and equalTo methods.
The v constructor would allow for comparisons to be made when carrying out basic commands such as add and subtract. Another design approach was to establish 
the variables x,y,and z before working towards the methods ,so the computer is also able to follow along wihtout any errors.


Things that gave trouble:
	
	When completing the Programming Assignment 1, the most rigerous/troubling step in my opinion would consist of the JUnit as I am very familiar with java
through Programming 2 ,but have never run JUnit on any form of code in the past.The new feature was definitely a learning curve as I was teaching myself how to
code appropriately for this feature. 


Specific contributions by each team member: 
Avery Sweet: 
-Created all of Vector3D.java, Vector3DTest.java and overview text file
-Did research on JUnit and how to test
-Figured out how documents should be kept to turn in 

Leoder Joseph:
-Helped with some lines of code 

Time (in minutes) spent by each team member for this assignment: 

Avery Sweet: 420 minutes 
Leoder Joseph: 10 minutes